C# is an object-oriented programming language developed by Microsoft , as part of the software platform .NET .
Aspiration into the design of C # language was to create a simple, modern, object-oriented language general. 
Basis for C # are C ++ , Java and somewhat languages such as Delphi , VB.NET and C .

For C#:
The first version of C # was developed by Microsoft in the period 1999 - 2002, and was released 
officially in use in 2002, as part of the .NET platform, which aims to significantly facilitate the 
development of software for Windows environments by a qualitatively new approach to programming,
based on the concepts of "virtual machine" and "managed code".At that time, the language and the platform Java,
built on the same concepts are enjoying huge success in all areas of software development and the 
development of C # and .NET is a natural response to Microsoft on the success of Java technology. 
One of the biggest advantages of the .NET Framework has built-in automatic memory management. 
It prevents developers from complicated task themselves to allocate memory for objects and to 
seek the right moment for its release. This seriously increases the productivity of developers and increases 
the quality of the programs written in C #.

For C++:

C++  is a general-purpose programming language of high level. It is an object-oriented language with static types. 
Since the 1990s, C ++ is one of the most popular commercial programming languages.
Bjarne Stroustrup developed C ++ in 1983 at Bell Labs as an extension of the C language - the language is 
based on C, but it added a number of additional features and several modifications. The main difference 
between the C and C ++ is that C ++ provides built-in language support for object-oriented programming. 
In C ++, added classes, multiple inheritance, virtual functions, overloading, templates (templates), 
exception handling (exceptions) and integrated operators to work with dynamic memory.
Most programs in C can directly or with only minor modifications to be compiled with a compiler 
for the language C ++. Due to the parallel development with Turbo Pascal and Object Pascal 
in the direction of object-oriented, C ++ has features in common with them, but there are many differences. 
Because replication of many concepts from C ++, the language Java has much in common with C ++.

for C:

With is a programming language developed by Dennis Ritchie  in the period 1969-1973 The paper language is 
closely related to the operating system UNIX , whose core subsequently is rewritten in the language C.
C is a programming language from the average general. Due to the low level of abstraction, 
developers have more control over the hardware and the programs written in it generally 
run faster than those written in high level languages. Therefore C is suitable 
for creating both operating systems and the applications .
Portability of code combined with its efficiency makes the language quite popular.
It gets extremely large range, for him there compilers for multiple operating systems 
and computing platforms. Many of today's operating systems are mainly written in C. 
The popular languages ??C ++ and Objective-C are extensions of the language C.

for Pascal:

Pascal is a structured programming language , created in 1970  , the Prof. Niklaus Wirth from the 
Swiss National Institute of Technology. Its main purpose was to serve as language training, 
i.e. be easy to learn and to teach good programming style. 
Language, named in honor of the French mathematician Blaise Pascal , 
is used by a wide range of programmers , as mining popularity with students and teachers because of its simplicity.
At the end of the 80s was developed object-oriented version called Object Pascal by the company Borland, 
used later in the development environment Delphi , which is also a product of the same company. 
Now entering the free realization Free Pascal and visual environment Lazarus , 
which are very platform both to hardware Intel_x86 , AMD64 , ARM , and the Axis - Windows , Mac OS , Linux , Android .
Pascal completely wrongly considered by some programmers in C or C ++ language-toy as put "limits" on what can be achieved ,
and the safety, which reduces performance. With safety when working with strings and arrays
in Pascal avoids typical programs with errors using unallocated memory or foreign. 
Due to its closest conversion to CPU instructions pascals strings are processed much more quickly. 
When you need fast response, these checks in Pascal can be switched off by command keys of popular compilers .

for Java:

Java or Java is an object-oriented programming language . The code written in Java is not compiled to machine code for a particular processor, and a specific language code, called byte code. Therefore, the implementation of a program written in Java is required so. Called. Virtual machine (in English : Java Virtual Machine ).
Java is a high-level language that looks like C # and C ++ and partly in languages ??such as Delphi, VB.NET and C. The syntax of Java is similar to that of C ++ and C # and the passage of these languages to Java is easy. Java programs are object-oriented. They represent a set of definitions of classes that incorporating methods and methods is located in program logic.
Java-developed extremely diverse software: office applications, web applications, desktop applications, mobile applications, games and much more.

Àll object-oriented languages are used for the development of large projects whether it be games and other programs.

Differ from C # in that it is easy to understand in an easy-to-learn
or two words, a basic level for novice programmer.